python/smart-watering/README.md, before:

# IoT - Smart Watering

This project describes how to build an automated watering system which will water a plant in the vase. The technology uses the common IoT architecture consisting of sensor-controller-actuator. The sensor is a soil moisture sensor which measures when the plant in the soil needs to be watered. This values are then read by raspberry pi (RPI) pico microcontroller, which will decide when to enable the actuator - a water pump.

Furthermore, we are going to connect an RPI to our server, so that we can notify a user about moisture reading in real time.

## Hardware requirements

## Software requirements

## Step 1 - Read Soil Moisture

## Step 2 - Build the Water Pump

## Step 3 - Connect Sensor and Actuator - Water the plant when soil moisture is low

## Step 4 - Build a Web Server

## Step 5 - Send Sensor and Actuator events to the Web Server

## Step 6 - Build a Web Site to visualize data

## Step 7 (Extra) - Add manual actions - water plant by click on the web

## Step 8 (Extra) - Scale to multiple smart watering

## Step 9 (Extra) - Connect with AI

Commit message:

Started smart watering system plan

python/smart-watering/README.md, after:

# IoT - Smart Watering

This project describes how to build an automated watering system which will water a plant in the vase. The technology uses the common IoT architecture consisting of sensor-controller-actuator. The sensor is a soil moisture sensor which measures when the plant in the soil needs to be watered. This values are then read by raspberry pi (RPI) pico microcontroller, which will decide when to enable the actuator - a water pump.

Furthermore, we are going to connect an RPI to our server, so that we can notify a user about moisture reading in real time.

## Hardware requirements

## Software requirements

## Step 1 - Read Soil Moisture

## Step 2 - Build the Water Pump

## Step 3 - Connect Sensor and Actuator - Water the plant when soil moisture is low

## Step 4 - Energy - make smart water system portable

## Step 5 - Waterproof raspberry pi, sensor and actuator

## Step 6 - Package - build 3D model of a plastic wrapping

## Step 7 - Build a Web Server

## Step 8 - Send Sensor and Actuator events to the Web Server

## Step 9 - Build a Web Site to visualize data

## Step 10 - Add manual actions - water plant by click on the web

## Step 11 - Scale to multiple smart watering

## Step 12 (Optional) - Connect with AI

## Step 13 - Evaluate cost of production

## Step 14 - Go Live - Sale on Amazon
